Content: Unfettered campaign Act 1 (#6416)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/hai/hai missions.txt

				goto die
			label offer
			`	The voice laughs. "What? There are "Unfettered" squirrels too now? Fancy! I wonder what they want. Boys!"`
			`	The floodlights turn off, revealing a large room with what must be hundreds of pirates with guns of various sizes trained on your ship. One wrong move and you're toast. "Please, Captain. Step out of your ship."`
			choice
				`	(Comply with the orders.)`
					goto obey
				`	(Attempt to escape.)`
			`	You activate your ship's engines to escape. The floodlights suddenly reactivate.`
				goto die

			label obey
			`	You step out of your ship, and a tall man with a scar across his cheek steps forward from the crowd of pirates, presumably the leader of the gang.`
			choice
				`	"The Unfettered Hai ask that you continue attacking the Hai systems."`
					goto continue
				`	"You must be Scar."`
			`	"No. Scar is long dead," the leader says.`
			choice
				`	"Oh, so does that make you Scab?"`
				`	"The Unfettered Hai ask that you continue attacking the Hai systems."`
					goto continue
			`	The leader grimaces. "I'll cut your tongue out if you don't watch your mouth."`

> 			`	You take a step back. "The Unfettered Hai ask that you continue attacking the Hai systems," you say, attempting not to get shanked.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	You take a step back. "The Unfettered Hai ask that you continue attacking the Hai systems," you say, hoping you don't get shanked.`
```

			label continue
			`	The leader seems surprised. "Well that's what was planned anyway, so what are you here for then?"`
			choice

> 				`	"I am here to propose a deal, the Unfettered want your attacks to increase and are wondering how they could help."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
				`	"I am here to propose a deal. The Unfettered want your attacks to increase and are wondering how they could help."`
```

					goto deal

> 				`	"No particular reason; just enjoying the view."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
				`	"No particular reason. Just enjoying the view."`
```

			`	The leader laughs and turns to the crowd, "He's a funny one, boys!" They all laugh in response.`
			label deal

> 			`	"Listen, here's what I want: bring us Hai tech. In exchange we will continue doing what we do, which is annoying the hell out of squirrels!"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	"Listen, here's what I want: bring us Hai tech. In exchange we'll continue doing what we do, which is annoying the hell out of squirrels!"`
```

			choice

> 				`	"That seems like a good deal to me. I will escort Hai ships here, pretending that if I do you will stop attacking them."`

Reviewer: Is this a situation where you're luring Hai ships to pirates, so that they can attack and pillage them? 
```suggestion
				`	"That seems like a good deal to me. I will escort Hai ships here, pretending that if I'm with them you will stop attacking them."`
```

					decline
				`	"Can you promise not to attack the Unfettered?"`
			`	"Well, pirates don't like to be told where to go or what to do, but I can make an exception for a good deal. Now, how can we tell squirrels apart?"`
			choice
				`	"The Unfettered are to the North of Hai space, with only three systems."`
					goto systems
				`	"The Unfettered paint their ships purple, it should be easy enough to tell them apart."`
			`	The leader pauses to think for a bit before speaking again, "Now it comes back to me... We did see some purple ships, yes, and wondered what their fight with the Hai was all about. We won't shoot them, captain, you have my word. Now go and get us that tech!"`
				goto proposition
			label systems
			`	The leader pauses to think for a while, then speak, "So you are telling me not to attack the systems that are the most distant from us? I don't see why there would be a problem with that; we weren't doing it anyway."`
			label proposition
			choice

> 				`	"I will escort Hai ships here, pretending that if I do you will stop attacking them."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
				`	"I will escort Hai ships here, pretending that if I'm with them you will stop attacking them."`
```
